Replace Discord links in docs with links to Slack (#1988)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/faq/faq.md

# Frequently asked questions

The following lists a set of questions that we have been asked about Kedro in the past. If you have a different

>  question which isn't answered here, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organization](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer: We use UK English spelling in our docs, so to keep things consistent: 

```suggestion
 question which isn't answered here, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```

>  question which isn't answered here, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 question which isn't answered here, check out the [searchable archive from our retired Discord server](https://linen-discord.kedro.org/community or post a new query on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```

Author: Here, the link to the linen archive above seems to return a 404. Maybe you meant [https://linen-discord.kedro.org](https://linen-discord.kedro.org) instead?

Reviewer 2: I did, thanks!

Reviewer 2: @BSGalvan I've now fixed that link throughout my suggestions where it arose, so all should work as expected.

## How can I get my question answered?

> If your question isn't answered above, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organization](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your question isn't answered above, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```

> If your question isn't answered above, check out [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or talk to the community on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your question isn't answered above, check out the [searchable archive from our retired Discord server](https://linen-discord.kedro.org/community or post a new query on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```
